hello how about friends youtube and
welcome as always 1 video
informative of this channel in this
This is how the title says
they manage to recharge the battery of a
100% smartphone in just 30
seconds is unimaginable almost unimaginable
until until a few years ago to achieve
this but then this is the news more
highlighted today's days in the
that they ran desperate home to
charge your mobile they have finished the start
up store 'dot based on the heap just
to publish a video where he shows how
you can charge a mobile's battery
in less than a minute something unthinkable
only a few years ago it is already a reality and
its creators estimate to put it on sale
at the end of 2016 as they affirm in
the wall street journal
the Israeli researchers who
belong to the department of
nanotechnology of the university
they have made great progress in the field
of the biological semiconductors for
to be able to reach this particular advance
this ultra fast recharge is possible
thanks to the short strings of
amino acids and their properties
we can say goodbye to electric
the anxiety attacks to see that
our battery is approaching dangerously
to 5% since within a couple of years
we could charge our mobile phone
in 30 seconds that surely has
a higher price than the
loaders that we currently use like this
So what do you think about friends?
news I'm really surprised
I'm even going to leave the link in a
post that is on my website so that you
you can see the video where they this
show the battery charge that is
in 27 percent that starts in a
27% and in 30 seconds it becomes or in
less than 30 seconds it becomes 100
percent to use our smartphone
it's something incredible I leave you there
link in the description to enter
to the post that is on my website and can see
the video
I'm really surprised it 's a
problem that many of us have and tell me
what did you think in the comments if you
I like to like this video comment
what did you think and we will be seeing you in
an upcoming video of this channel the channel
from juanchi box take care of yourself
Friends, you love them a lot
bye